Fix Nonetype has no attribute SetVisibility in _coreg.py [reopen of #13209] (#13218)
mne-tools/mne-python: doc/changes/devel/13209.bugfix.rst

> Fix bug where :func:`mne.gui._coreg.CoregistrationUI._set_sensors_visibility` prompts "has no attribute SetVisibility" for some CTF data when actors list contain `None`, by `Wei Xu`_.

Reviewer: We want these to refer to public things that users will know/understand, so
```suggestion
Fix bug where :func:`mne.gui.coregistration` would emit an error for some CTF datasets, by :newcontrib:`Wei Xu`.
```

Author: Thanks a lot!
